this video will start with a disclaimer
because we sure are excited to see more
of Star Wars Battlefront but we can't
help but worry about this game that's
why we've listed five reasons star wars
battlefront might suck despite our
excitement for the game nowadays it's
not weird to make games that are
multiplayer only but when it comes to
such a rich universe as Star Wars we
were actually hoping that the game would
offer a story mode we would like
something more than just a few
multiplayer scenarios based on was from
the Star Wars universe
with a multiplayer only focus you would
expect a lot of content where the
previous game in the series offered 33
maps on 16 different planets the new
battlefront only has eight maps with
four different planets we can only
imagine what the five plan DLC packages
will offer those big open world shooters
always require lots of players in order
to be fun battlefront 2 did this by
having two teams of 32 players battling
against each other combined with
computer-controlled characters the
modern version of Battlefront only
supports 20 verses 20 on some modes and
even less players on others the reveal
of star wars battlefront caused lots of
hype the moment the 8080 Walker comes on
screen was pretty epic but some of our
excitement disappeared when we learnt
that the 8080 will be on Rails we don't
know anything yet about the other
vehicles and yes there will be vehicles
in it for sure but we fear that flying
is out of the question as space battles
are also not part of the new game
as gamers we tend to complain like why
are there no destructible environments
when an 88 he walks into a forest trees
should snap like matches but look at
Battlefront through the eyes of a Star
Wars fan and things get a whole lot more
epic we get to experience famous battles
from the original Star Wars trilogy
rendered inglorious graphics and that's
pretty awesome for those who love the
franchise